adduser install
apt install
apt-utils install
aptitude install
aufs-tools install
base-files install
base-passwd install
bash install
bsdutils install
chkconfig install
cpio install
dctrl-tools install
debconf-i18n install
dselect install
e2fslibs:amd64 install
e2fsprogs install
eatmydata install
fakeroot install
file install
gcc-4.7-base:amd64 install
gcc-4.8-base:amd64 install
gcc-4.9-base:amd64 install
gnupg install
hostname install
ifupdown install
initramfs-tools install
initscripts install
libacl1:amd64 install
libapt-pkg4.12:amd64 install
libasan1:amd64 install
libassuan0:amd64 install
libatm1:amd64 install
libatomic1:amd64 install
libattr1:amd64 install
libaudit1:amd64 install
libblkid1:amd64 install
libboost-iostreams1.55.0:amd64 install
libbsd0:amd64 install
libbz2-1.0:amd64 install
libc6-dbg:amd64 install
libc6:amd64 install
libcap2:amd64 install
libcilkrts5:amd64 install
libclass-c3-xs-perl install
libcloog-isl4:amd64 install
libcomerr2:amd64 install
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64 install
libcwidget3:amd64 install
libdata-optlist-perl install
libdatrie1:amd64 install
libdb5.3:amd64 install
libdebconfclient0:amd64 install
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64 install
libdjvulibre-text install
libdjvulibre21:amd64 install
libdpkg-perl install
libeatmydata1:amd64 install
libedit2:amd64 install
libevent-2.0-5:amd64 install
libexpat1:amd64 install
libfakeroot:amd64 install
libffi6:amd64 install
libfftw3-double3:amd64 install
libfile-fcntllock-perl install
libfreetype6:amd64 install
libfribidi0:amd64 install
libgcc1:amd64 install
libgcrypt20:amd64 install
libgdbm3:amd64 install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64 install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common install
libglib2.0-0:amd64 install
libglib2.0-data install
libgmp10:amd64 install
libgnutls-deb0-28:amd64 install
libgomp1:amd64 install
libgpg-error0:amd64 install
libgraphite2-3:amd64 install
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64 install
libharfbuzz0b:amd64 install
libhogweed2:amd64 install
libicu52:amd64 install
libidn11:amd64 install
libilmbase6:amd64 install
libisl10:amd64 install
libitm1:amd64 install
libjasper1:amd64 install
libjbig0:amd64 install
libjpeg62-turbo:amd64 install
libk5crypto3:amd64 install
libkeyutils1:amd64 install
libkmod2:amd64 install
libkrb5-3:amd64 install
libkrb5support0:amd64 install
libksba8:amd64 install
liblcms2-2:amd64 install
libldap-2.4-2:amd64 install
liblqr-1-0:amd64 install
liblsan0:amd64 install
libltdl7:amd64 install
liblzma5:amd64 install
libmagic1:amd64 install
libmount1:amd64 install
libmpc3:amd64 install
libmpfr4:amd64 install
libncurses5:amd64 install
libncursesw5:amd64 install
libnetpbm10 install
libnettle4:amd64 install
libnewt0.52:amd64 install
libnfsidmap2:amd64 install
libopenexr6:amd64 install
libp11-kit0:amd64 install
libpam-modules:amd64 install
libpam0g:amd64 install
libparams-util-perl install
libpcre3:amd64 install
libpixman-1-0:amd64 install
libpng12-0:amd64 install
libpopt0:amd64 install
libprocps3:amd64 install
libpth20:amd64 install
libpython-stdlib:amd64 install
libpython2.7-minimal:amd64 install
libpython2.7-stdlib:amd64 install
libquadmath0:amd64 install
libreadline6:amd64 install
librtmp1:amd64 install
libsasl2-2:amd64 install
libsasl2-modules-db:amd64 install
libsasl2-modules:amd64 install
libselinux1:amd64 install
libsemanage1:amd64 install
libsepol1:amd64 install
libsigc++-2.0-0c2a:amd64 install
libsigsegv2:amd64 install
libslang2:amd64 install
libsmartcols1:amd64 install
libsqlite3-0:amd64 install
libss2:amd64 install
libssh2-1:amd64 install
libssl1.0.0:amd64 install
libstdc++6:amd64 install
libsub-exporter-perl install
libsub-install-perl install
libsystemd0:amd64 install
libtasn1-6:amd64 install
libtext-template-perl install
libtext-wrapi18n-perl install
libthai-data install
libthai0:amd64 install
libtiff5:amd64 install
libtinfo5:amd64 install
libtirpc1:amd64 install
libtsan0:amd64 install
libubsan0:amd64 install
libudev1:amd64 install
libusb-0.1-4:amd64 install
libustr-1.0-1:amd64 install
libuuid1:amd64 install
libwmf0.2-7:amd64 install
libwrap0:amd64 install
libx11-6:amd64 install
libx11-data install
libxau6:amd64 install
libxcb-render0:amd64 install
libxcb-shm0:amd64 install
libxcb1:amd64 install
libxdmcp6:amd64 install
libxext6:amd64 install
libxml2:amd64 install
libxrender1:amd64 install
mawk install
nfs-common install
openssh-server install
patch install
python-minimal install
python2.7-minimal install
sudo install
sysv-rc install
sysvinit install
xdg-user-dirs install
zlib1g:amd64 install
