atd                     on
binfmt-support          on
bootlogs                on
bootmisc.sh             on
checkfs.sh              on
checkroot-bootclean.sh  on
checkroot.sh            on
console-setup           on
corosync                on
corosync-notifyd        off
cron                    on
cryptdisks              on
cryptdisks-early        on
dbus                    on
exim4                   on
hostname.sh             on
hwclock.sh              on
kbd                     on
keyboard-setup          on
killprocs               on
kmod                    on
motd                    on
mountall-bootclean.sh   on
mountall.sh             on
mountdevsubfs.sh        on
mountkernfs.sh          on
mountnfs-bootclean.sh   on
mountnfs.sh             on
networking              on
nfs-common              on
procps                  on
rc.local                on
rcS                     off
rmnologin               on
rpcbind                 on
rsync                   on
rsyslog                 on
sendsigs                off
ssh                     on
sudo                    off
udev                    on
udev-finish             on
umountfs                off
umountnfs.sh            off
umountroot              off
urandom                 on
x11-common              on
