adduser install
apt install
aptitude install
at deinstall
aufs-tools install
autoconf deinstall
autoconf2.13 deinstall
autoproject deinstall
base-files install
base-passwd install
bc deinstall
binfmt-support deinstall
binutils deinstall
bsd-mailx deinstall
btrfs-tools deinstall
ca-certificates deinstall
chkconfig install
cmake deinstall
cmake-curses-gui deinstall
cmake-data deinstall
console-setup deinstall
console-setup-linux deinstall
corosync deinstall
cpio install
cron deinstall
cryptsetup deinstall
dbus deinstall
dctrl-tools install
debdelta deinstall
devscripts deinstall
dmeventd deinstall
dpkg-dev deinstall
dput deinstall
dselect install
e2fslibs:amd64 install
e2fsprogs install
eatmydata install
electric-fence deinstall
exim4-base deinstall
exim4-config deinstall
exim4-daemon-light deinstall
extlinux deinstall
fakeroot install
file install
fontconfig deinstall
fontconfig-config deinstall
fonts-dejavu-core deinstall
fonts-droid deinstall
fp-compiler-2.6.4 deinstall
fuse deinstall
gcc-4.7-base:amd64 install
gcc-4.8-base:amd64 install
gcc-4.9-base:amd64 install
gcj-4.9-jre-headless deinstall
gdb deinstall
git deinstall
groff deinstall
groff-base deinstall
grub-common deinstall
gsfonts deinstall
guile-2.0-libs:amd64 deinstall
hostname install
ifupdown install
imagemagick deinstall
imagemagick-common deinstall
initramfs-tools deinstall
initscripts install
iptables deinstall
java-common deinstall
kbd deinstall
keyboard-configuration deinstall
kmod deinstall
libacl1:amd64 install
libapt-inst1.5:amd64 deinstall
libapt-pkg4.12:amd64 install
libarchive13:amd64 deinstall
libasan1:amd64 install
libasound2:amd64 deinstall
libassuan0:amd64 install
libatk1.0-0:amd64 deinstall
libatm1:amd64 install
libatomic1:amd64 install
libattr1:amd64 install
libaudit1:amd64 install
libavahi-client3:amd64 deinstall
libavahi-common3:amd64 deinstall
libblkid1:amd64 install
libbobcat3 deinstall
libboost-iostreams1.55.0:amd64 install
libbsd0:amd64 install
libbz2-1.0:amd64 install
libc6-dbg:amd64 install
libc6:amd64 install
libcairo2:amd64 deinstall
libcap-ng0:amd64 deinstall
libcap2:amd64 install
libcfg4 deinstall
libcilkrts5:amd64 install
libclang1-3.5:amd64 deinstall
libclang1-3.7:amd64 deinstall
libclass-c3-xs-perl install
libcloog-isl4:amd64 install
libcomerr2:amd64 install
libconfdb4 deinstall
libcoroipcc4 deinstall
libcoroipcs4 deinstall
libcpg4 deinstall
libcroco3:amd64 deinstall
libcryptsetup4:amd64 deinstall
libcups2:amd64 deinstall
libcupsfilters1:amd64 deinstall
libcupsimage2:amd64 deinstall
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64 install
libcurl3:amd64 deinstall
libcwidget3:amd64 install
libdata-optlist-perl install
libdatrie1:amd64 install
libdb5.3:amd64 install
libdbus-1-3:amd64 deinstall
libdebconfclient0:amd64 install
libdevmapper-event1.02.1:amd64 deinstall
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64 install
libdjvulibre-text install
libdjvulibre21:amd64 install
libdpkg-perl install
libeatmydata1:amd64 install
libecj-java-gcj deinstall
libedit2:amd64 install
libestr0 deinstall
libevent-2.0-5:amd64 install
libevs4 deinstall
libexpat1:amd64 install
libf2c2 deinstall
libfakeroot:amd64 install
libffi6:amd64 install
libfftw3-double3:amd64 install
libfile-fcntllock-perl install
libfindlib-ocaml deinstall
libfl-dev:amd64 deinstall
libfontconfig1:amd64 deinstall
libfreetype6:amd64 install
libfribidi0:amd64 install
libfuse2:amd64 deinstall
libgc1c2:amd64 deinstall
libgcc1:amd64 install
libgcj-common deinstall
libgcj15:amd64 deinstall
libgcrypt20:amd64 install
libgdbm3:amd64 install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0:amd64 install
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common install
libgfortran3:amd64 deinstall
libglade2-0:amd64 deinstall
libglib2.0-0:amd64 install
libglib2.0-data install
libgmp10:amd64 install
libgnutls-deb0-28:amd64 install
libgnutls-openssl27:amd64 deinstall
libgomp1:amd64 install
libgpg-error0:amd64 install
libgraphite2-3:amd64 install
libgs9 deinstall
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64 install
libgtk2.0-0:amd64 deinstall
libgtk2.0-common deinstall
libharfbuzz0b:amd64 install
libhfsp0 deinstall
libhogweed2:amd64 install
libice6:amd64 deinstall
libicu52:amd64 install
libidn11:amd64 install
libijs-0.35:amd64 deinstall
libilmbase6:amd64 install
libisl10:amd64 install
libitm1:amd64 install
libjasper1:amd64 install
libjbig0:amd64 install
libjbig2dec0 deinstall
libjpeg62-turbo:amd64 install
libjson-c2:amd64 deinstall
libjsoncpp0 deinstall
libk5crypto3:amd64 install
libkeyutils1:amd64 install
libkmod2:amd64 deinstall
libkrb5-3:amd64 install
libkrb5support0:amd64 install
libksba8:amd64 install
liblcms2-2:amd64 install
libldap-2.4-2:amd64 install
libllvm3.5:amd64 deinstall
libllvm3.7:amd64 deinstall
liblockfile1:amd64 deinstall
liblogging-stdlog0:amd64 deinstall
liblognorm1:amd64 deinstall
liblogsys4 deinstall
liblqr-1-0:amd64 install
liblsan0:amd64 install
libltdl7:amd64 install
liblvm2cmd2.02:amd64 deinstall
liblzma5:amd64 install
liblzo2-2:amd64 deinstall
libmagic1:amd64 install
libmagickcore-6.q16-2:amd64 deinstall
libmagickwand-6.q16-2:amd64 deinstall
libmilter1.0.1:amd64 deinstall
libmnl0:amd64 deinstall
libmount1:amd64 install
libmpc3:amd64 install
libmpdec2:amd64 deinstall
libmpfr4:amd64 install
libncurses5:amd64 install
libncursesw5:amd64 install
libnetfilter-acct1:amd64 deinstall
libnetpbm10 install
libnettle4:amd64 install
libnewt0.52:amd64 install
libnfnetlink0:amd64 deinstall
libnfsidmap2:amd64 install
libnspr4:amd64 deinstall
libnss3:amd64 deinstall
libobjc4:amd64 deinstall
libopenexr6:amd64 install
libopenipmi0 deinstall
libopts25:amd64 deinstall
libossp-uuid16:amd64 deinstall
libp11-kit0:amd64 install
libpam-cap:amd64 deinstall
libpam-modules:amd64 install
libpam0g:amd64 install
libpango-1.0-0:amd64 deinstall
libpangocairo-1.0-0:amd64 deinstall
libpangoft2-1.0-0:amd64 deinstall
libpaper1:amd64 deinstall
libparams-util-perl install
libparted2:amd64 deinstall
libpci3:amd64 deinstall
libpcre3:amd64 install
libpipeline1:amd64 deinstall
libpixman-1-0:amd64 install
libpload4 deinstall
libpng12-0:amd64 install
libpopt0:amd64 install
libprocps3:amd64 install
libpsl0:amd64 deinstall
libpth20:amd64 install
libpython2.7-minimal:amd64 install
libpython2.7:amd64 deinstall
libpython3.4-minimal:amd64 deinstall
libquadmath0:amd64 install
libquorum4 deinstall
libreadline5:amd64 deinstall
libreadline6:amd64 install
librtmp1:amd64 install
libsaamf3 deinstall
libsackpt3 deinstall
libsaclm3 deinstall
libsaevt3 deinstall
libsalck3 deinstall
libsam4 deinstall
libsamsg4 deinstall
libsasl2-2:amd64 install
libsasl2-modules-db:amd64 install
libsasl2-modules:amd64 install
libsatmr3 deinstall
libselinux1:amd64 install
libsemanage1:amd64 install
libsensors4:amd64 deinstall
libsepol1:amd64 install
libsgutils2-2 deinstall
libsigc++-2.0-0c2a:amd64 install
libsigsegv2:amd64 install
libslang2:amd64 install
libsm6:amd64 deinstall
libsmartcols1:amd64 install
libsnmp-base deinstall
libsnmp30:amd64 deinstall
libsqlite3-0:amd64 install
libss2:amd64 install
libssh2-1:amd64 install
libssl1.0.0:amd64 install
libstdc++6:amd64 install
libsub-exporter-perl install
libsub-install-perl install
libsystemd0:amd64 install
libtasn1-6:amd64 install
libtcl8.5:amd64 deinstall
libtext-template-perl install
libthai-data install
libthai0:amd64 install
libtiff5:amd64 install
libtinfo5:amd64 install
libtirpc1:amd64 install
libtk8.5:amd64 deinstall
libtotem-pg4 deinstall
libtsan0:amd64 install
libubsan0:amd64 install
libudev1:amd64 install
libunistring0:amd64 deinstall
libusb-0.1-4:amd64 install
libustr-1.0-1:amd64 install
libuuid1:amd64 install
libvotequorum4 deinstall
libwmf0.2-7:amd64 install
libwrap0:amd64 install
libx11-6:amd64 install
libx11-data install
libxau6:amd64 install
libxaw7:amd64 deinstall
libxcb-render0:amd64 install
libxcb-shm0:amd64 install
libxcb1:amd64 install
libxcomposite1:amd64 deinstall
libxcursor1:amd64 deinstall
libxdamage1:amd64 deinstall
libxdelta2 deinstall
libxdmcp6:amd64 install
libxext6:amd64 install
libxfixes3:amd64 deinstall
libxft2:amd64 deinstall
libxi6:amd64 deinstall
libxinerama1:amd64 deinstall
libxml-sax-perl deinstall
libxml2:amd64 install
libxmltok1 deinstall
libxmu6:amd64 deinstall
libxmuu1:amd64 deinstall
libxpm4:amd64 deinstall
libxrandr2:amd64 deinstall
libxrender1:amd64 install
libxslt1.1:amd64 deinstall
libxss1:amd64 deinstall
libxt6:amd64 deinstall
libxtst6:amd64 deinstall
lintian deinstall
linux-base deinstall
locales deinstall
logrotate deinstall
lsb-release deinstall
man-db deinstall
mime-support deinstall
mtools deinstall
nano deinstall
nilfs-tools deinstall
ntfs-3g deinstall
ocaml-findlib deinstall
ocaml-interp deinstall
ocaml-nox deinstall
openais deinstall
openssh-server install
openssl deinstall
patch install
pciutils deinstall
perl-doc deinstall
poppler-data deinstall
python deinstall
python-gobject-2 deinstall
python-minimal install
python-support deinstall
python2.7 deinstall
python2.7-minimal install
python3 deinstall
python3.4 deinstall
python3.4-minimal deinstall
rssh deinstall
rsync deinstall
rsyslog deinstall
sgml-base deinstall
shared-mime-info deinstall
snmp deinstall
sudo install
sysv-rc install
sysvinit install
tasksel deinstall
telnet deinstall
texinfo deinstall
udev deinstall
unzip deinstall
vim-common deinstall
vim-tiny deinstall
wget deinstall
x11-common deinstall
xdg-user-dirs install
xfsprogs deinstall
xml-core deinstall
zlib1g:amd64 install
