bootlogs                on
bootmisc.sh             on
checkfs.sh              on
checkroot-bootclean.sh  on
checkroot.sh            on
hostname.sh             on
hwclock.sh              on
killprocs               on
kmod                    on
motd                    on
mountall-bootclean.sh   on
mountall.sh             on
mountdevsubfs.sh        on
mountkernfs.sh          on
mountnfs-bootclean.sh   on
mountnfs.sh             on
networking              on
nfs-common              on
procps                  on
rc.local                on
rcS                     off
rmnologin               on
rpcbind                 on
sendsigs                off
ssh                     on
sudo                    off
udev                    on
udev-finish             on
umountfs                off
umountnfs.sh            off
umountroot              off
urandom                 on
