adduser install
apt install
aptitude install
aufs-tools install
base-files install
base-passwd install
bash install
bsdutils install
chkconfig install
cpio install
dctrl-tools install
dselect install
e2fslibs:amd64 install
eatmydata install
gcc-4.7-base:amd64 install
gcc-4.8-base:amd64 install
gcc-4.9-base:amd64 install
gnupg install
gpgv install
hostname install
ifupdown install
initramfs-tools install
initscripts install
isc-dhcp-client install
libacl1:amd64 install
libapt-pkg4.12:amd64 install
libatm1:amd64 install
libattr1:amd64 install
libaudit1:amd64 install
libblkid1:amd64 install
libboost-iostreams1.55.0:amd64 install
libbsd0:amd64 install
libbz2-1.0:amd64 install
libc6:amd64 install
libcap2:amd64 install
libcomerr2:amd64 install
libcwidget3:amd64 install
libdb5.3:amd64 install
libdebconfclient0:amd64 install
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64 install
libeatmydata1:amd64 install
libedit2:amd64 install
libevent-2.0-5:amd64 install
libexpat1:amd64 install
libffi6:amd64 install
libgcc1:amd64 install
libgcrypt20:amd64 install
libgdbm3:amd64 install
libgmp10:amd64 install
libgnutls-deb0-28:amd64 install
libgpg-error0:amd64 install
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64 install
libhogweed2:amd64 install
libk5crypto3:amd64 install
libkeyutils1:amd64 install
libkmod2:amd64 install
libkrb5-3:amd64 install
libkrb5support0:amd64 install
libldap-2.4-2:amd64 install
liblzma5:amd64 install
libmagic1:amd64 install
libmount1:amd64 install
libncurses5:amd64 install
libncursesw5:amd64 install
libnettle4:amd64 install
libnfsidmap2:amd64 install
libp11-kit0:amd64 install
libpam-modules:amd64 install
libpam0g:amd64 install
libpcre3:amd64 install
libpng12-0:amd64 install
libprocps3:amd64 install
libreadline6:amd64 install
libsasl2-2:amd64 install
libsasl2-modules-db:amd64 install
libsasl2-modules:amd64 install
libselinux1:amd64 install
libsemanage1:amd64 install
libsepol1:amd64 install
libsigc++-2.0-0c2a:amd64 install
libslang2:amd64 install
libsmartcols1:amd64 install
libsqlite3-0:amd64 install
libss2:amd64 install
libssl1.0.0:amd64 install
libstdc++6:amd64 install
libsystemd0:amd64 install
libtasn1-6:amd64 install
libtinfo5:amd64 install
libtirpc1:amd64 install
libudev1:amd64 install
libusb-0.1-4:amd64 install
libustr-1.0-1:amd64 install
libuuid1:amd64 install
libwrap0:amd64 install
libxtables10 install
mawk install
mime-support install
netbase install
nfs-common install
openssh-server install
sudo install
sysv-rc install
sysvinit install
zlib1g:amd64 install
